Clarify that transitions also use the connection-annotations. (#3883)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/statemachines.tex

  \label{fig:state-machine-layout}
\end{figure}

> The annotation for graphics of \lstinline!transition! has the following structure: \lstinline!annotation(Line($\ldots$), Text($\ldots$))!; and for \lstinline!initialState()!: \emph{graphical-primitives}\lstinline!(Line($\ldots$))!; with \lstinline!Line! and \lstinline!Text! annotations for connections defined in \cref{connections1}.

Reviewer: The clarification aside, this is a horrible-looking paragraph.  This would look better:

```suggestion
Similar to \lstinline!connect!-equations, a \lstinline!transition! may have both a \lstinline!Line! and a \lstinline!Text! annotation, see \cref{connections1}.
An \lstinline!initialState! equation may use any graphical primitive (including \lstinline!Line!) as annotation, see \cref{graphical-primitives}.
```

It's a very bad design, though, because if we were to treat this systematically in the specification, we would need to make every graphical primitive its own annotation, saying that it is allowed for \lstinline!initialState! equations.  I hope we leave this in its broken state, and don't decide to treat every graphical primitive as a first-class annotation.
